feat(clp-package): Add support for more AWS authentication methods. (#743)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/user-guide/guides-using-object-storage/index.md

      * To generate the credentials, follow [this guide][aws-create-access-keys].
      * Choose the "Other" use case to generate long-term credentials.
      * You don't need to assign any groups or policies to the user at this stage since we will
        attach policies in later steps, depending on which object storage use cases you require.
    * A named profile configured by the AWS CLI in your AWS config directory (typically `~/.aws`).
      * Profiles may make use of a variety of AWS authentication mechanisms, including:
        * IAM Identity Center.
        * Assuming an IAM role.
        * Long-term IAM user credentials.
      * Follow [this guide][aws-configure-profiles] for more information on
        configuring profiles with the AWS CLI.
    * Long-term AWS credentials set as environmental variables.
      * Set the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environmental variables
        with the corresponding credential keys.
    * An IAM role attached to an EC2 instance (that CLP is hosted on).

    
    :::{note}
    You may use a single authentication method for all use cases, or a separate one for each.

>     Short-term STS credentials (that include a Session Token) are unsupported for all methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Short-term STS credentials (that include a Session Token) are not supported for any method.
```

3. An S3 bucket and key prefix where you wish to store compressed archives.
4. An S3 bucket and key prefix where you wish to cache stream files.
5. An AWS authentication method configured with the necessary permissions to access the
  S3 bucket(s) and prefixes mentioned above. Authentication methods include:
    * Long-term IAM user credentials.
      * To create a user, follow [this guide][aws-create-iam-user].
      * To generate the credentials, follow [this guide][aws-create-access-keys].
      * Choose the "Other" use case to generate long-term credentials.
      * You don't need to assign any groups or policies to the user at this stage since we will
        attach policies in later steps, depending on which object storage use cases you require.
    * A named profile configured by the AWS CLI in your AWS config directory (typically `~/.aws`).
      * Profiles may make use of a variety of AWS authentication mechanisms, including:
        * IAM Identity Center.
        * Assuming an IAM role.
        * Long-term IAM user credentials.
      * Follow [this guide][aws-configure-profiles] for more information on
        configuring profiles with the AWS CLI.

>     * Long-term AWS credentials set as environmental variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Long-term AWS credentials set as environment variables.
```

The computer science convention is to call them "environment variables." Unfortunately, I don't know the origin of the phrase, so I can't really explain why they chose "environment" over "environmental".

      * Set the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environmental variables
        with the corresponding credential keys.
    * An IAM role attached to an EC2 instance (that CLP is hosted on).

>     

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    :::{note}
    You may use a single authentication method for all use cases, or a separate one for each.

>     Short-term STS credentials (that include a Session Token) are not supported directly. To use

Reviewer 2: * Can we split this up into its own note/warning?
* Can we link to some AWS docs about what STS credentials are?

2. An S3 bucket and [key prefix][aws-key-prefixes] containing the logs you wish to compress.
3. An S3 bucket and key prefix where you wish to store compressed archives.
4. An S3 bucket and key prefix where you wish to cache stream files.
5. A [supported AWS authentication method](#supported-aws-authentication-methods) configured with
   the necessary permissions to access the S3 buckets and prefixes mentioned above.

   :::{note}
   You may use a single authentication method for all the use cases above, or a separate one for
   each.
   :::

### Supported AWS authentication methods

clp-json currently supports the AWS authentication methods described below.

> :::{caution}
> Short-term [STS credentials][aws-sts-credentials] (which include a Session Token) are not supported
> directly. To use temporary credentials, use [named profiles](#named-profiles) (with
> IAM Identity Center authentication or IAM role assumption) to generate them dynamically instead.
> :::

Reviewer: this part is inaccurate, because while using named profiles, the process of generating temporary credentials is hidden from the user. How about changing it to something like

```suggestion
:::{caution}
Short-term [STS credentials][aws-sts-credentials] (which include a Session Token) are not supported
directly. Instead, use [named profiles](#named-profiles) (with
IAM Identity Center authentication or IAM role assumption) which provide the required permissions without manual credential handling.
:::
```
